1
Marketing Assistant
1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291, United States
email@email.com
3868683442
EMMA 
WILSON
Place Of Birth
San Antonio
Driving License
Full
PROFILE
Passionate Marketing Assistant with 
a love for exclusive customer 
awareness and engagement strategies 
incorporating online and oﬄine 
marketing tools to promise holistic 
reach-out campaigns. Highly skilled 
in market analysis and brand 
management activities. Achieved a 
Summa Cum Laude result for a 
Bachelor's Degree and Marketing.
Skills
Omni Channel 
Communication
Market Dynamics
Research 
Methodologies
Statistical Analysis
A/B Testing
EMPLOYMENT 
HISTORY
Marketing Assistant at ABSA, Weifang
January 2019 — March 2021
Responsible for providing support to Head of Marketing and team of 4 proficient marketing 
professionals.
Creating and designing graphics for 33+ banner adverts for Facebook.
Improving the efficacy of customer database, removing 300+ improper datapoints.
Monitoring social media platforms like Instagram, YouTube, Twitter, Pinterest, and 
Facebook for the most recent trends and ideas.

2
Emma Wilson
3868683442
Creating PowerPoint presentations from draft marketing proposals.
Marketing Assistant at Two Pixels Media, Lobatse
January 2017 — December 2019
Solely responsible to implement initiatives for improving email marketing open rates to 35%, 
bringing the total leads from this channel up to 24% of the company total from 10%.
Thought of and initiated Parkland Volunteering Days every quarter together with 
accompanying PR efforts, assisting to better employee satisfaction and CSR.
Running Facebook and Twitter social media profiles, increasing traffic to the site from 
these channels by 73% in the first eight months.
Updating digital content and accountable for copywriting projects associated with 
notifications, press releases, and reminders on social media platforms.
Delivering required feedback on pending items for external stakeholders such as 
suppliers, venue hosts, and event organizers.
EDUCATION
Master’s Degree in Marketing Management and 
Analytics, California State University, Orange 
County
March 2021 — Present
Bachelor’s Degree in Strategic Marketing , Harvard 
University, Kolbermoor
March 2021 — March 2021
GPA: 3.73
Major Subjects: Consumer Behavior, Marketing Research, Strategic Marketing 
Management.
Minor Subjects: Sales Management, Promotional Strategy, Global Marketing.
Awards & Honors: American Marketing Association Scholarship recipient, Dean’s List 
(every semester)
Clubs & Organizations: Hiking Club, Track & Field Athletics.
Leadership: President of the Entrepreneurs Club, Life Coach for College Mentors for 
Kids program.
LINKS
Resume Templates
Resume.io
HOBBIES
Baseball, Hockey, Track
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Designed an online tool that updates student registrations and induction session 
selections generating over 20 000 clicks and 5 million page impressions in 4 weeks.
Initiated online branding efforts over social media platforms, which resulted in a 38% 
uptick in new leads.

3
Emma Wilson
3868683442
Increased open rates for online client campaigns by 39% and landing page conversion 
rates by 67% through implementing a daily 3-minute vlog that introduces the company's 
products and services on YouTube.
Created a blog that increased the university’s online newspaper subscription by 
44%.Obtained a 2 million dollar sponsorship for the campus radio station with a weekly 
marketing podcast that promotes local businesses in the area.
Received 3320 likes on Facebook after promoting a campaign to raise money for a local 
athletics team via a crowdfunding program.
LANGUAGES
English
Spanish; Castilian
