Esther Scott
T R AV E L AG E N T
Details
1515 Pacific Ave
Los Angeles, CA 90291
United States
3868683442
email@email.com
D R I V I N G  L I C E N S E
Full
P L AC E  O F B I RT H
San Antonio
Links
Resume.io
Resume Templates
Skills
Domestic & international travel 
expertise
Budgeting & accounting
Logistical planning
Itineraries
Reservations
Travel Consulting
Languages
Russian
French
Hobbies
Figure Skating, Volunteering, Art
Profile
Customer service-oriented Travel Agent with five years of career experience in the Travel 
and Tourism industries. Possesses expertise in strategic partnership identification and 
development, event planning, and travel coordination. Key skills include organization, 
time management, and written and verbal communication.
Employment History
Travel Agent, Amazon Travel, New York
J A N U A RY 2 0 2 0  —  F E B R U A RY 2 0 2 2
Tasked with making arrangements for tours, including, but not limited to, tourist 
attractions, transport, accommodation, and car rentals for the African continent focusing 
on responsible and sustainable accommodation establishments and also destination 
weddings.
• Provided advice about destinations and packages to tourists.
• Provided recommendations about tour and vacation packages provided by the 
company.
• Visited hotels and restaurants to improve accuracy on the travel 
agency's information such as cleanliness and available facilities so that 
recommendations are accurate
• Handle bookings, invoices and issue tickets as well as confirm customers' 
names with airlines/hotels.
• Provide pricing information, brochures, and internet-based information.
Travel Agent, PenTravel, Nashville
J A N U A RY 2 0 1 8  —  N OV E M B E R  2 0 2 0
Primary responsibility to coordinate with local Tourist Guides to create itineraries for 
their clients according to specific guidelines and preferences also to handle all post-sales 
documents, pre-paid inventory management, rail booking, and document shipping.
• Attended client’s queries on the phone, via the Internet, and in person.
• Provided suggestions about how the company website can be improved for 
ease of use, completeness, and marketability, if and when necessary.
• Checked the weather conditions and forecasts; coordinated with local 
government bodies about the nature of the trips, and encased emergencies.
Education
Associate of Arts degree in Hospitality, Columbia University, New York
F E B R U A RY 2 0 2 1  —  F E B R U A RY 2 0 2 2
 Spanish and French, Orlando Language School, Orlando
J A N U A RY 2 0 2 1  —  F E B R U A RY 2 0 2 2
.
ravel and Tourism Management (Certificate Program),, Chaplin School of 
Hospitality & Tourism Management, Buffalo
J A N U A RY 2 0 1 4  —  A U G U S T 2 0 1 8
Accomplishments
• Awarded Travel Agent of the Year award for scoring 98% in the client 
satisfaction survey.
• Organized reservations for over 340 guests while overseeing ticket 
distributions and managing customer relations and sales of tickets.
• Prepared and processed more than 12,500 guests monthly.
• Delivered seven hours a day, reaching 27,000 guests and generating $270,000 
of yearly income.
