Mandy Campbell, Bootcamp Instructor
1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291, United States, 3868683442, email@email.com
Place of birth
San Antonio
Driving license
Full
LINKS
LinkedIn, Pinterest, Resume Templates, Build this template
PROFILE
Passionate, entry-level Bootcamp Instructor with experience in freelancing assisting clients to reach tough fitness goals. 
Assisted one client to decrease chronic A1C blood sugar levels from 230 mg/dl to 110 mg/dl. Assisted another client 
in designing a routine to decrease body mass into healthy ranges over eight months.
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Jan 2019 — Jul 2021
Certified Bootcamp Instructor, Dominist Fitness
Datteln
Ran daily tasks, staffing, and marketing for the group fitness programming. Upheld an active rapport with members 
and improved group-class utilization by 18% by redesigning class schedules, approximating annual program 
budgets, analyzing and reporting program statistics.
• Instructor and sales associate in a fast-paced fitness business environment.
• Performed personalized fitness assessments for clients. Received letters of thanks from 50+ happy clients 
after surpassing their fitness goals.
• Exceeded sales goals by 29% average per quarter due to creating incredibly positive interactions with clients, 
producing active word-of-mouth.
• Used active listening skills to design personalized routines for clients.
Jul 2021 — Jul 2021
Bootcamp Instructor , Curves Gym
Ponta Porã
Gave new gym members a comprehensive outline of the equipment, going over safety and advantages of a wide array 
of exercises.
• Trained individual clients, helping them to achieve their fitness goals with a combination of healthy 
exercise, lifestyle choices, and nutrition.
• Created and led strength and conditioning classes every week for up to 20 members, highlighting 
high-intensity training and education.
• Designed and instructed stimulating group cycling workouts based on the five heart rate zones.
EDUCATION
Jul 2021 — Present
Bachelor's Degree in Exercise Science, Concordia University
 Concordia
• Surpassing expectations in Personal Training coursework.
• CrossFit Level 1 Instructor. Coach’s Prep Certified.
Jan 2020 — Jul 2021
Advanced First Aid Diploma, National CPR Foundation
Miami
Jan 2018 — Dec 2018
High School Diploma, Barlow High School
Tennessee
• Varsity track athlete.
• Leader of the varsity cycling club
SKILLS
Cardio Training
Expert
Fitness Routines
Expert
HIIT
Expert
Client Assessments
Expert
Health & Safety
Expert
HOBBIES
Skiing, Hockey, Knitting
LANGUAGES
English
Native speaker
Spanish
Very good command

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
• Headed group exercise classes in HIIT training, outdoor fitness, and boot camp that increased 
participation class numbers by over 110%.
• Managed and trained more than 140 clients for the "Stair Climb for Los Angeles" Event. 100% of those 
clients competed in the challenge.
• Developed, implemented, and supervised more than four training programs, profiles and results for over 
70 clients.
• Took advantage of social media platforms like Instagram, recruiting five new clients weekly over six 
months.
• Developed three advanced circuit-style programs, integrating variations for all levels of fitness.
