SHERRI
PRICE
Event Coordinator
DETAILS
Contact
1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291, United 
States
email@email.com
3868683442
Place of birth
San Antonio
Driving license
Full
PROFILE
Practical Event Coordinator with 5+ years experience in organizing large-scale events from design through to 
fruitful execution. Skilled at motivating large revenue gains and substantial expense savings through efficient budget 
management and vendor negotiation. Influential in meeting tight deadlines and directing high-quality events.
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Event Coordinator, Bright Event Rentals, Florida
JANUARY 2016 — JUNE 2021
Coordinated and successfully organized an extensive variety of events for Fortune 500 clients, including conferences, 
fundraisers, shareholder meetings, and luncheons.
• Recommended efficient layouts for events and coordinated all staff management, internal/ external 
communication functions, event logistics, and the event life cycle.
• Managed and coordinated 160+ events per year, accomplishing punctual and under-budget execution 
with 98%+ client satisfaction
• Communicated with clients, vendors, staff, and city officials to keep customer loyalty and successfully 
organized events at the internal and external levels.
• Collaborated with the fire department to obtain all suitable building and fire protection permits.
Event Coordinator, Classic Party Rentals, Biloxi
JUNE 2021 — JUNE 2021
Provided organization and aid for arranging 120+ events per year, including catering, handling location permits, 
decor, and logistics.
• Designed invitations and promotional materials, organized floor plans and booked proposals and all 
logistics functions.
• Increased income by over 57% by sourcing possible vendors and obtaining cost-efficient contracts.
• Organized and directed all transportation, registration, and hotel accommodations, ensuring the smooth 
execution of every event activity.
EDUCATION
A in Hotel & Event Management, University of New York, Brooklyn
JANUARY 2020 — JUNE 2021
• Public Relations
• Invoicing and Finance
• Sales and Marketing

• Microsoft Office
• Social Media Promotion
LINKS
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Resume Templates
Build this template
SKILLS
Customer relationship management (CRM) 
software (Oracle Marketing Cloud and Raiser’s 
Edge)
Sales and marketing
Fundraising
Social media promotion
Visual design
COURSES
Business Management, Hospitality & Tourism Certificate, Udemy Online
JUNE 2021 — JUNE 2021
Diploma in Wedding Coordination & Planning, Events and Entertainment Association of Orange Country
JUNE 2021 — JUNE 2021
ACHIEVEMENTS
• Principle Rep. and head liaison for allocated fortune 500 corporate events with a minimum contract of 
$29,000+.
• Accountable for overseeing corporate events budgeted up to $3M, including entertainment, airport 
transportation, stage and lighting set, restaurant buyouts, and décor.
• Organized and facilitated, on average, four events per month within cities over the whole country.
• Designed, planned, and directed the execution of social, corporate, and private events budgeted at 
$260k on average (holiday events, meetings, birthday parties, weddings, Mitzvahs) for respected clients 
in groups from 10-400.
HOBBIES
Running, Cycling, Swimming
LANGUAGES
English
French
