Howard Wright
W E L L N E S S  C O A C H
email@email.com
1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291, United States
3868683442
Details
Driving license
Full
Place of birth
San Antonio
Profile
Wellness Coach with 6+ years experience in clinical nutrition and a focus on wellness. Energetic, 
self-motivated team member dedicated to providing clients with the best possible nutrition care to 
enhance their quality of life and outcomes. Effective in applying measures to improve nutrition-related 
client care. Skilled with nutrition care processes and electronic medical records.
Employment History
Wellness Coach , The Zen Academy, Seattle
January 2018 — July 2021
Taught large and small groups about achieving goals, wellness topics, and lifestyle changes.
• Developed and instigated monthly wellness programs.
• Collaborated with client management on how best to serve the population.
• Established rapport with employees and client management and instructed during safety 
meetings to prevent injury and health promotion.
• Custom-made specialized one-on-one coaching sessions that helped clients to achieve their 
goals.
Wellness Coach,  YMCA, Manggar
July 2021 — July 2021
Provided swift, polite, and professional services for members, clients, and guests of the YMCA.
• Helped clients with achieving their fitness/ wellness goals with coaching and personal training 
sessions.
• Designed and maintained professional levels of customer service with clients and guests.
• Conducted health assessments on members and clients, consisting of blood pressure, body 
composition, and fitness levels.
• Directed comprehensive orientations on exercise programs and equipment for members.
• Guaranteed a clean, safe setting within the Wellness Center.
Education
B.S in Exercise Sciences, Starfish Holistic Institute, Orlando
July 2021 — Present
Head Wellness Coach Accreditation, Wisconsin State University, Madison
January 2019 — November 2020
• Collected 650 supervisory hours.

Links
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Resume Templates
Build this template
Skills
Yoga Asana
Anatomy
Private Instruction
Physiology
Achievements
• Worked together with clients' safety team, studying injury reports and mechanism of injury. 
Noticed a decreased rate of injury by 30% over seven months.
• Arranged and executed comprehensive fitness assessments and created over 250 
personalized workout programs based on the individual from ages 14- 82.
• Educated 120 elementary school learners concerning healthy eating, led exercises, and 
activities in an afterschool program for three months.
• Instigated employee movement program and decreased number of employee injuries by 64%.
Hobbies
Rugby, Cricket, Athletics
Languages
English
German
