Jennifer Adams, Project 
Assistant
1515 PACIFIC AVE, LOS ANGELES, CA 90291, UNITED STATES   ·   
email@email.com   ·   3868683442
PROFILE
Expert project assistant with more than nine years of experience with diverse types of projects. 
Highly prepared with solid attention to detail and the capability to monitor and maintain 
schedules meticulously. Inspired, driven, and able to work individually or in groups. Willing to 
travel and work long hours.
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Project Assistant, Malaski
May 2021 — Present, Seattle
Functioned on a team of 3 Project Assistants in a fast-paced construction firm. Controlled all project 
assistance for $2.6 million in development annually.
• Wrote up reports, Excel spreadsheets, and PowerPoint decks for 180+ meetings of 
cross-functional team members.
• Utilized conflict resolution skills to sort out all arguments between clients, employees, and 
vendors, naturally within minutes of the issue coming to light.
• Frequently educated 130+ employees in the right understanding of all project plans.
• Ran budget for four projects, each valued at over $190,000.
Project Assistant, Rippled Rock Resources
Jan 2018 — Jan 2021, Minato
Controlled all Project Assistant obligations for 13 excavation and water-line installation construction 
projects annually, each valued at $82,000.
• Cut rework and failure backlog by 30% via attentive inspection and retraining.
• Supervise budgets up to $42 000, keep costs on par with budget, and assist in completing 
projects ahead of schedule.
• Discussed design implementation strategies, the goal being sustainability.
• Guaranteed client objectives were accomplished with hands-on detailing with labor crews.
• Supervised equipment and supplies for labor crews.
EDUCATION
Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM), Project 
Management Institute (PMI)
May 2021 — May 2021, Texas University
 Newtown Square University, Bachelor’s Degree in Industrial 
Engineering
May 2019 — May 2021, Philipsburg
DETAILS
PLACE OF BIRTH
San Antonio
DRIVING LICENSE
Full
LINKS
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Resume Templates
Build this template
SKILLS
Microsoft PowerPoint
Data Analysis
Scheduling
Crystal Reports
Agile Project 
Management
HOBBIES
Hockey, Tennis, 
Basketball
LANGUAGES
English
French

ACHIEVEMENTS
• Designed a smart routing system that balances the risk of misplacing packages and 
transportation expenses, saving 8.3% of the total budget.
• Ran advertising and relationships projects for 12 clients from the education, tourism, 
entertainment, and health sectors.
• Created a business plan that attracted 43% more business to the general client portfolio.
• Wrote two 25-page reports and presented initial concepts of both projects.
