LAYNEY SPENCER
Assistant Director
1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291, United States
3868683442
email@email.com
Place of birth
San Antonio
Driving license
Full
LINKS
LinkedIn, Pinterest, Resume Templates, Build this template
PROFILE
Astute Assistant Director with over 14 years of experience dealing with complex macro issues that have threatened the company’s 
profitability and longevity by providing innovative solutions resulting in significant expenditure savings of up to 35%. Acted as the 
advisory to the board of directors and demonstrated expertise in persuading and negotiating shareholder representatives regarding 
the most appropriate mergers and acquisition strategies. Currently completed a Doctorate. in Strategic Management through 
Cambridge University
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Assistant Director, John Ward Emergency Facility
Jan 2019 — May 2021
Arnsberg
Supported the successful transition from T-System EMR to Meditech EMR. Supported changes during the flow 
processes to align best clinical practices with new EMR functions.
• Increased operations efficiency in the new Fast Track operations department. Increased FT volume from 
<17% of total patient volume to >38%.
• Supported patient satisfaction through frequent patient visits and coaching staff on the way to enhance 
patient satisfaction.
• Prepared the ED for Joint Commission surveys by developing staff JC awareness and staff-driven inspection 
processes.
• Ensured ED staff were prepared to react safely and efficiently to care for potential Ebola patients. 
Coordinated with multiple hospital resources to ensure CDC recommendations and processes were in place.
Assistant Director, Curos Schools
May 2021 — May 2021
Brymbo
Assisted in the organization, facilitation, and direction of many large successful swims meets with an attendance of over 
220 participants at each event.
• Managed and performed administrative tasks, including bookkeeping using Excel and QuickBooks.
• Earned and maintained certifications in Red Cross CPR and First Aid.
• Provided swimming instruction and encouraged beginner swimmers.
• Coached accomplished swimmers on technique.
• Performed service projects that benefitted local organizations, including churches and high schools.
EDUCATION
University of Arizona
May 2021 — Present
Master’s in Business Administration
Arlington
Harvard University
Jan 2018 — Dec 2020
Bachelor of Financial Accounting
Bossier City

SKILLS
  Strategic Planning
Expert
  New Business Development
Expert
  Budgeting & Finance
Expert
  Relationship Building
Expert
  Reviewing Performance
Expert
Leadership and Management
Expert
COURSES
Advanced Certificate in Corporate Governance
May 2021 — May 2021
INSEAD Business School, Online.
The Board Director’s Program
Jan 2019 — Dec 2019
Henley Business School, United Kingdom.
ACHIEVEMENTS
• Outlined new revenue opportunities that boosted revenue throughout the company. Increased total sales by 
25% across 17 regional territories.
• Facilitated real-time communication of all sales goals and initiatives to all stakeholders. Increased ROI to 36%.
• Improved working capital by 27% in 12 months by facilitating cost advantages in resource allocation, allowing 
for expansion projects to be completed five months ahead of the project deadline.
HOBBIES
Painting, Flying, Kite Surfing
LANGUAGES
English
Native speaker
French
Highly proficient
German
Good working 
knowledge
