Janine Nel
Sales Engineer
1515 Pacific Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90291, United States
3868683442  ·  email@email.com
LinkedIn, Pinterest, 
Resume Templates, 
Build this template
Place of birth
San Antonio
Driving license
Full
Skills
AutoCAD
Industry Trends & Sales 
Forecasting
Knowledge of Technical 
Diagrams
Engineering
Agile Project Management
Languages
English
Dutch
Hobbies
Piano, Debate, Triathlon
Profile
Deadline- focused Sales Engineer with six years experience in technical sales, 
contributing to the 30% growth of income for regional technology solutions 
provider over five states, producing and assisting long-term contracts with Fortune 
500 clients, and growing Territory sixfold up to $350M.
Employment History
Sales Engineer, Engen Oil, Jacksonville
May 2022 — May 2022
Primary duty was to recognize and provide current and future customer necessities 
in areas of filtration and lubrication products and services.
• Initiated Lubrication Fundamentals classes for employees and customers, 
which provided education on basic product info, machine elements that 
need lubrication, application methods, storing lubricant, and lubricant 
conservation and handling.
• Designed and applied a highly effective industrial filtration program that 
produced up to 2,000 gallons of processed oil weekly, which resulted in a 
considerable expense saving for the customer and improved profits for the 
company.
• Designed and applied for numerous lubrication programs, providing 
additional value-added services and improved profit margins.
• Functioned as a consultant on Best-in-Class Lubrication programs.
Sales Engineer, Quest Medical, Los Angeles
January 2019 — April 2021
Accountable for day-to-day program management, customer relationships, and 
estimating the shaping and assembly of medical programs for critical Fortune 500 
Clients: Pall Life Sciences, Baxter Healthcare, and Quest Medical.
• Designed and presented tailored technical solutions to top-3 state 
automotive dealers, driving sales from $3M to 11$M over t5 years.
• Supervised logistics and Proof of concept pilots worth up to $800,000.
• Exceeded yearly quota by 145% by actively outperforming the competition 
in public tenders and providing 97.5% satisfaction support over the 
managed Territory of current accounts.
Education
Masters in Industrial Engineering, Harvard University, Miami
January 2019 — May 2022

 Professional Engineering (PE) Exam, National Council of Examiners for 
Engineering and Surveying (NCEES), Newton
January 2018 — December 2019
Courses
Certified Associate in Project Management, Project Management 
(CAPM) Project Management Institute (PMI), Seneca, South Carolina.
May 2021 — May 2021
